README Update (#3613)
timescale/timescaledb: README.md

PostgreSQL extension, providing automatic partitioning across time and space
(partitioning key), as well as full SQL support.

If you prefer not to install or administer your instance of TimescaleDB, 
[hosted versions of TimescaleDB](https://tsdb.co/GitHubTimescaleCloud) are 
available in the cloud of your choice (pay-as-you-go, with a free trial to start).

To determine which option is best for you, see [Timescale Products](https://tsdb.co/GitHubTimescaleProducts)
for more information about our Apache-2 version, TimescaleDB Community (self-hosted), and Timescale 
Cloud (hosted), including: feature comparisons, FAQ, documentation, and support.

Below is an introduction to TimescaleDB. For more information, please check out 
these other resources:
- [Developer Documentation](https://tsdb.co/GitHubTimescaleDocs)
- [Slack Channel](https://slack-login.timescale.com)
- [Timescale Release Notes & Future Plans](https://tsdb.co/GitHubTimescaleReleaseNotes)

For reference and clarity, all code files in this repository reference

> licensing in their header (either the Apache-2-open-source license

Reviewer: ```suggestion
licensing in their header (either the Apache License, Version 2
```

or [Timescale License (TSL)](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb/blob/master/tsl/LICENSE-TIMESCALE)

> ). Apache-2 licensed binaries can be built by passing `-DAPACHE_ONLY=1` to `bootstrap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
). Apache-licensed binaries can be built by passing `-DAPACHE_ONLY=1` to `bootstrap`.
```
